{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
README FILE \
-----------------------------------------------------------\
How to Launch The Movies Web site\
by TJ Pham\
-----------------------------------------------------------\
CONTENTS\
  I. HOW LAUNCH MOVIES WEBPAGE\
 II. TROUBLESHOOTING\
III. MINIMUM SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS\
 IV. REQUIRED DOWNLOADS\
  V. TECHNICAL SUPPORT\
\
\
I. HOW LAUNCH MOVIES WEBPAGE\
Download zip files and unzip the contents. Launch entertainment_center.py.\
If ensure fresh_tomatoes.py is also in the same directory. If not you can download it from here: 
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 https://s3.amazonaws.com/udacity-hosted-downloads/ud036/fresh_tomatoes.py
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\
II. TROUBLESHOOTING\
Ensure you have media, entertainment_center and fresh_tomatoes files in the same directory. If you don\'92t please re-download and try again. \
\
\
III. MINIMUM SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS\
\
WINDOWS\
* Windows XP/Vista\
* 450 MHz CPU\
* At least 128 MB RAM installed\
* Browsers: Internet Explorer 6.0 and higher or Firefox 2.0 and higher\
* WinZip or PKZip (for ZIP file decompression)\
* Internet connection with 56K modem (for online resources)\
\
\
V. KNOWN ISSUES AND WORKAROUNDS\
None at this time.\
\
\
\
VI. TECHNICAL SUPPORT\
If you need technical assistance, you may contact our technical support\
by emailing tech support @ tjpham@gmail.com.\
-------------------------------------------\
March 03, 2015\
\
Copyright \'a92015 TJ Pham.\
----------------\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
}